#Arsenal Fan Zone
Welcome to the Arsenal Fan Zone! This is a fan-driven website dedicated to providing Arsenal fans with everything they need to stay up-to-date with the latest matches, highlights, player stats, and more. Whether you're keeping track of match results, watching highlights, or browsing league standings, we've got you covered.

##Features

Upcoming Fixtures: Stay updated on upcoming Arsenal games.

Match Highlights: Watch highlights from recent matches, including goals, key moments, and player performances.

Player Stats: View individual player stats, including goals, assists, and more.

League Standings: Follow Arsenal’s position in the Premier League and other key information like points, wins, and losses.

##Technologies Used
HTML: Structure and layout of the website.

CSS: Styling and design, with a modern, responsive layout.

JavaScript: Dynamic functionality, such as loading data, displaying highlights, and managing user interactions.

API: Fetching data like live scores, player stats, and match highlights from a local server (JSON server).

##Installation
Clone the repository:

bash
Copy
Edit
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/arsenal-fan-zone.git
Install dependencies (if any):

bash
Copy
Edit
npm install
Run the app locally (for example, using VS Code Live Server or set up a local server):

bash
Copy
Edit
npm start
Navigate to http://localhost:5500 to view the Arsenal Fan Zone website.

##How to Use

Check Upcoming Fixtures: In the Fixtures section, you can view Arsenal’s upcoming matches.

Watch Highlights: Choose a match from the dropdown in the Highlights section to watch the game’s best moments.

Explore Player Stats: Use the search bar in the Player Stats section to find stats for any Arsenal player.

Check League Standings: The Premier League standings will be updated regularly to show how Arsenal is performing.

##Contribution
Feel free to contribute to the Arsenal Fan Zone project! If you have any ideas for new features or improvements, submit a pull request or open an issue.

Fork the repository.

Create a branch (git checkout -b feature-name).

Commit your changes (git commit -am 'Add new feature').

Push to the branch (git push origin feature-name).

Create a new pull request.

##License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

Acknowledgments
Arsenal FC: For being an inspiration to all fans and providing us with the excitement we need!


Bootstrap: For the awesome icons that bring some flair to the design!